The following tests should be done for every version change. These tests can be run on TestNet through tip_bit_test before the code gets moved over to tip_bit.

Primary Testing: Main Features
1) Register an account through the normal method of sending a message with the subject line "Register" (case-insensitive).
2) Deposit bitcoin into the given legacy address. Deposit bitcoin into the given segwit address. Ensure both deposits correctly get credited to account and the messages sent out are correct.
3) Tip Testing: Tip two users in the same message. Tip using the normal mBTC method. Tip using an Amount Moniker. Tip using a $ delimiter.
4) Complete a balance check through the normal method of sending a message with the subject line "Balance" (case-insensitive).
5) Complete a withdrawal test through the normal method of sending a message with the subject line "Withdraw Test" (case-insensitive) and the body having an address and amount in mBTC.
6) Complete a real withdrawal through the normal method of sending a message with the subject line "Withdraw" (case-insensitive) and the body having an address and amount in mBTC.
7) Add the bot as an approved user so it gets a message with no author.

Secondary Testing: Incorrect Usage
1) Attempt to register with an already-registered account.
2) Attempt to deposit too low of an amount to both deposit addresses.
3) Tip Testing: Tip without an amount. Tip with an invalid amount (letters in the number?). Tip more than you have in your account. Tip yourself. Tip a non-existent reddit account. Tip from an unregistered account.
4) Attempt a withdrawal test without an address. Attempt a withdrawal test without an amount. Attempt a withdrawal test with an invalid amount. Attempt a withdrawal test with an invalid address. Attempt a withdrawal test and ask for more than your account has.
5) Attempt a real withdrawal without an address. Attempt a real withdrawal without an amount. Attempt a real withdrawal with an invalid amount. Attempt a real withdrawal with an invalid address. Attempt a real withdrawal and ask for more than your account has.
6) Mention the bot without any tip information.